0.  How many different colors does each format support?

A.  JPG format supports 16.7 million colors,
    GIF format supports 256 colors,
    PNG format supports up to 16 million colors,
    BMP format supports over 4 billion colors.
    
    
1.  Which format supports animation?

A.  GIF format supports animation.


2.  What's the difference between lossy and lossless compression?

A.  Lossy compression throws away some of the data in a file. Lossless uses an algorithm to compress 
    a file that is reversible.


3.  Which of these formats is lossy-compressed?

A.  JPG.


4.  What happens, technically speaking, when a file is deleted on a FAT file system?

A.  The system modifies the filename’s first character in the file’s directory entry to signal 
    that the file has been deleted and that the directory entry can be recycled and moves 
    all of the file’s FAT clusters to the hard drive’s list of free clusters.
    
    
5.  What can someone like you do to ensure (with high probability) that files you delete cannot be recovered?

A.  Delete files using a secure delete option. That replaces the section on disc with all zeroes.


6.  What’s stdint.h?

A.  The <stdint.h> header shall declare sets of integer types having specified widths, and shall 
    define corresponding sets of macros.
    
    
7.  What’s the point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t in a program?

A.  It makes clear that you intend to use the data a particular way.


8.  How many bytes is a BYTE, a DWORD, a LONG, and a WORD, respectively?

A.  BYTE is 1 byte, DWORD is 4 bytes, LONG is 4 bytes, WORD is 2 bytes.


9.  What (in ASCII, decimal, or hexadecimal) must the first two bytes of any BMP file be? (Leading bytes used to identify file formats (with high probability) are generally called "magic numbers.)"

A.  The first 2 bytes of the BMP file format are the character "B" then the character "M" in ASCII encoding.


10. What’s the difference between bfSize and biSize?

A.  bfSize specifies the size, in bytes, of the bitmap file.
	biSize specifies the size of the structure in bytes.
	
	
11. What does it mean if biHeight is negative?

A.  If biHeight is negative, the bitmap is a top-down DIB with the origin at the upper left corner.


12. What field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP’s color depth (i.e., bits per pixel)?

A.  The biBitCount member of the BITMAPINFOHEADER structure determines the number of
	bits that define each pixel and the maximum number of colors in the bitmap.
	
	
13. Why might fopen return NULL in copy.c:37?

A.  fopen will return NULL if it cannot create the outfile.


14. Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code?

A.  It is because fread is reading 1 command/RGB at a time.


15. What value does copy.c:70 assign padding if bi.biWidth is 3?

A.  If the width is 3, padding is necessary since
	the scanline must be a multiple of 4.
	3 pixels * 3 bytes per pixel = 9 bytes. 3 bytes are added to bring the scanline to 12 bytes.
	
	
16. What does fseek do?

A.  fseek allows you to change the location of the file pointer.


17. What is SEEK_CUR?

A.  This is an integer constant which, when used as the whence argument to the fseek or fseeko function,
	specifies that the offset provided is relative to the current file position
	
	
18. Whodunit?

A.  Rick Astley.
